# resources
Today is May 29, 2020. While the world is plunged in an uncertain pandemic, the President engages in a petty feud with Twitter and thousands of people take the streets in protest of police brutality. News of Ahamud Arbery, Breonna Taylor, George Floyd and more plague us.
NYU's chapter of Lambda Phi Epsilon was placed on interim suspension today, following leaked screenshots of racist and problematic chat messages exchanged between members.
At first I hopped on the bandwagon of cancel culture, wanting these guys out of school and severely punished. I was happy their names were being smeared across social media, evidence that this kind of behavior isn't going to be tolerated anymore. After all, the screenshots even suggest they knew the severity of their words.

Now, though, I am just tired and hurt that Asian Americans like these guys harbor these views even now when the black community needs support and allies more than ever. Their perspective is unfortunately not uncommon. Cancelling them won't change their ways, and a wave of hate will only further entrench them in their views and make them bitter and vindictive. 
I put together this reading list in hopes that they will take the time to read and reflect, and recognize why their words garnered so much hate and attention. I want to believe that they can still change, that their views are a product of never being exposed to the other side of the arguments and never being forced to reckon with the consquences of their actions.
